Look for fixed widths or max-widths on the dropdown or parent containers

In your CSS or component styling, see if the dropdown or its parent element has a hard-coded width: xxx px or a max-width that is too small.

Sometimes a parent container (e.g. a flex container) has a rule that restricts child elements more than intended.

Check for text-overflow: ellipsis; usage

This property usually works together with white-space: nowrap; overflow: hidden;.

If these are set on the dropdown or its container, they can cause the text to get truncated, even if space appears available.

If you do need ellipsis in narrow layouts, consider putting them behind a media query that only applies at smaller widths, or remove them if you want the full text shown at all widths.

Examine any flexbox or grid layouts

If your page is using display: flex; or display: grid;, check the container rules. For instance, a flex child can shrink if flex-shrink: 1; is set. This can cause unexpected truncation if the container’s overall width is constrained.

You can try adding flex-shrink: 0; or min-width: auto; (depending on your layout) to ensure the dropdown has enough room.

Review your media queries

If you have breakpoint-specific rules (e.g. @media (min-width: 768px) { … }), check for changes in widths, paddings, or text-overflow behavior that might be causing the truncation only at larger widths.

Allow auto or full-width for the dropdown

Often, the simplest fix is to make the dropdown auto-size to its content. For instance:

css
Copy
Edit
.dropdown-selector {
  width: auto;
  max-width: 100%; /* or remove max-width altogether if it’s not needed */
  white-space: nowrap; /* remove this if you want it to wrap instead of truncate */
  overflow: visible;   /* remove or adjust if you don’t want ellipsis */
  text-overflow: clip; /* or remove text-overflow if not needed */
}
If you need a fixed width for design reasons, consider letting the dropdown open “over” the rest of the page or removing the ellipsis so it can show the full text.

Check for conflicting container styles

If the dropdown is nested in a parent that has overflow: hidden; or a forced width, that can also cause issues.

Sometimes you need to set position: absolute; on the dropdown menu to let it expand outside of a parent’s bounding bo